The README is used to answer questions posed by the professor. 
The Questions and programming assignment can be found in the PDF.

Threadmentor is used to manage concurrent threads. 
    https://www.cs.mtu.edu/~shene/NSF-3/e-Book/index.html
    http://www.csl.mtu.edu/cs4411.ck/www/FAQ.html

It has been setup and tested on Ubuntu 14.04 x64
    make
    ./prog4 e r t 
		e = How Many Elves 
		r = How many reindeer
		t = How many years before retirement 

    Warnings will be Generated, Do not mind them

// ----------------------------------------------------------- 
// NAME : Kyler Witting                      User ID: kmwittin 
// DUE DATE : 04/01/2016
// PROGRAM ASSIGNMENT 4
// FILE NAME : README
// PROGRAM PURPOSE :
//      The Makefile that answers the questions from the assignment
// -----------------------------------------------------------

1. Question: How do you guarantee that only three elves will ask questions?

2. Question: Show that why no elf will leave before the questions are answered.

3. Question: Show that while three elves are waiting for an answer, no other 
elves can cut in and ask questions.

4. Question: How do you guarantee that Santa only answers question while he 
is not sleeping.

5. Question: Show that when Santa is wakened up by a reindeer, this reindeer 
is the last one coming back from vacation.

6. Question: How do you make sure Santa always handles reindeers first.

7. Question: Show that while Santa is attaching the sleigh and delivering 
toys, all reindeers are there. They won't sneak out for vacation.

8. Question: Show that while Santa is attaching the sleigh and delivering 
toys, elves will not ask questions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Each Elf thread starts with a Queue Wait. This queue wait only accepts 3 
elves at a time. All other elves will wait in this queue for FIFO. The signal
to continue this queue is only signalled after Santa has helped the elves. 

2. All the elves that are waiting on an answer call Wait() for santa's answer. 
This Signal to continue is only given out after Santa has fully answered 
their question and is going back to sleep. 

3. Each elf calls Queue.Wait() one time. It is signaled 3 times at the start 
of the santa thread. So the first 3 elves to get to that point, are accepted 
into the queue. The 4th elf to reach the queue has to wait there because 
the semaphore is no longer accepting processes into the CS. Once Santa answers
the question, the queue is opened up 3 spots. The next 3 evles waiting in 
queue are allowed in. 

4. There is a semaphore Wait() in the sleep method. The sleep method 
waits for a signal from either the 3rd elf or the last reindeer. The method 
will not continue until the signal is recieved and the semaphore can 
continue. 

5. In WaitOthers(), it always checks to see if that reindeer is the last 
reindeer. If it is not, then it will just wait for the sleigh. If it is then
it will signal santa. The portion that adds to the reindeer that have been
recieved is in a CS that only allows one reindeer to modify at a time. 
There is no possible way for the reindeer to signal Santa unless it is the 
last one. 

6. In the sleep statement. After Santa is woken up it checks first to see 
if all the reindeer are there, then to see if there are 3 elves waiting. If 
there are all the reindeers Santa will always go into delivering presents 
mode. The method actually returns 1 if it is the reindeer, and it returns 
0 if it is the elves. thread.cpp uses this information to choose what 
santa needs to do. 

7. There is a wait statment at wait others, when that finishes then all the 
reindeers go to waiting until the sleigh is attached. Then santa signal it is 
time to deliver presents. There is another semaphore in there to make sure 
that all the reindeer are attached and no race conditions occur. Then all the 
reindeer wait at flyoff with a wait call until Santa signals that they are done 
with their delivery of presents. It is all based on signals from santa and 
waiting on semaphores from the reindeer. They have to wait on what santa says. 

8. When santa is attaching the sleigh and delivering toys, the elves signal 
Santa so when he gets back they will be next in queue (unless the reindeer 
have such a short vacation). When he is attaching the reindeer and delivering 
presents all his attention is put there and he really doesn't care what the 
elves have to say.  
